you want to take it slow that's okay but
from where i stand
i told you not to talk to charlotte
she's a human woman who isn't ready to
hear what you have to do
i was in hell and that's insane i want
to go home
the last time i took someone on a
celestial uber ride the detective almost
died
you have a minute at this point things
can't get any crazier
i can help us both get what we want
decker's the one who's gonna suffer
getting her to fall for you and then
banishing ruthless
i don't care who i have to hurt as long
as it allows me to finally die
neither i nor lucifer have the power to
get anyone into heaven
there's no hope for me i'm going to oh
here's
ireland stop i can't do this
what he died
i couldn't hurt her like that you're
mark he's gone
we don't get chloe to love you then i
can't kill you and i need this
to get back to hell we need to make the
detective realize that pierce
isn't the man she thinks is what do you
desire
i want her to choose me then tell her
why holy decker will you marry me
yes slaughter i like you charlotte so if
you need time i can wait
you're worth it i wouldn't find out your
mark is fake
maybe not tonight but i am coming for
you i never told you what i want i want
you
that's the love i can't marry you i'm
sorry marcus
oh my ring no ring
i said no okay you could kill me sure
but linda would die too
lucifer's the reason that i said yes to
pierce he's also the reason that i said
no
let's go home i'm afraid that if you saw
all of me would run away chloe i am the
devil
no you're me bad to me
well it appears that my brother got his
wings back how is that possible
amanda deal had a crazy theory i figured
out who killed charlie
what it was pierce what are you talking
about daniel what
is this pierce is indeed the cinnamon
yes i'm fine
i know you killed charlotte
was anything that happened between us
real any of it
i did love you i still love you life was
a curse until i met you
is somebody really trying to kill me
don't worry
you're safe i kill lucifer what
why because i know that he'll never stop
hunting me
i don't want to die
i would find a way to kill you
and that you belong in hell where you
would torture yourself without truth for
eternity
it's all true
you